input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename ctsim.info
@settitle CTSim Manual
@c %**end of header

@setchapternewpage odd

@ifinfo
Reference Manual for CTSim

Copyright (c) 2000 Kevin Rosenberg
@end ifinfo

@titlepage
@sp 10
@comment The title is printed in a large font.
@center @titlefont{CTSim Manual}

@c The following two commands start the copyright page.
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
Copyright @copyright{} 2000 Kevin Rosenberg
@end titlepage

@node    Top,       Computed Tomography Overview, (dir),    (dir)
@comment node-name, next,          previous, up

@menu
* Computed Tomography Overview::    The first chapter 
* Algorithms:: Algorithms used by this program
* Concept Index::    This index has two entries.
@end menu

@node    Computed Tomography Overview, Algorithms, Top,      Top
@comment node-name,     next,          previous, up
@chapter Computed Tomography Overview
@cindex Overview

@section Overview
Computed Tomography is a process to reconstruction internal images of
an object by taking projection data through that object.

@cindex Another sample index entry

Here is a numbered list.

@enumerate
@item
This is the first item.

@item
This is the second item.
@end enumerate

The @code{makeinfo} and @code{texinfo-format-buffer}
commands transform a Texinfo file such as this into
an Info file; and @TeX{} typesets it for a printed
manual.

@node  Algorithms , Concept Index , Computed Tomography Overview , Top

@section Theory
This is great.

@node    Concept Index,    ,  Algorithms , Top
@comment node-name,    next,  previous,      up
@unnumbered Concept Index

@printindex cp

@contents
@bye

